First Person Shooter To Do List

1. Give a Unique name to game 

2. Create a Lobby. When the user loads the game it takes them to a menu (Start - Quit Game )
Thinking when the player hits the start button it can go ahead and load them to the map and the player model
is locked until all 4 players load in. Or it can take them to a basic queue that is basically another loading screen
that shows other players are still loading in. Game actually starts when all 4 players are live 

3. Complete Player model. Player should be a walking humanoid figure with some kind of miltary uniform
(Maybe 4 individual types of materials that gets applied to the player to indicate different military branches)
Player Mechanics:
    1. movement  -- need to add animations to player prefab that shows him walking, shooting
    2. health bar - either slowly regenerates like modern halo or find health packs around map like older halo
    3. If multiple guns, ability to drop and pick up gun

4. Complete gun models. At least two main guns, machine and pistol if going for halo. 
Gun Mechanics:
    1. If you shoot another player they lose health. Extra damage if headshot

5. Complete terrain. When the textures load in it looks okay, but I dont think its very visually appealing in its
current state. Continue updating throughout the week 
- spawn points
- fog effects 
- lighting -- current skybox does provide a redish hugh but can be better
(Adam note: I am going to have the terrain 100% complete by the end of this weekend. 
currently unsure how to upload the full terrain with textures into github but will try to figure it out)

6. Gameification 
- working multiplayer 
- If timed game ends after 5 minutes and winner is whoever made most kills. 
- End game screen displays winner, winners score, play again, or quit


7. Things to figure out
    1. Will the matches be timed (when you die you respawn at your base and fight keeps going for 5 minutes, point
        goes to whoever kills, most points when)
        or will it be more sudden death style. Last alive is who wins
    
    2. How will we present to class? Will we all bring in our own laptops to show how the multiplayer works? 
        or download on school computer


8. Powerpoint Presentation (Last)